New IP addresses for SignalFx Realms (#1741)
splunk/public-o11y-docs: admin/notif-services/admin-notifs-index.rst

The following table contains a list of the IP addresses that you can use to allow incoming traffic (such as alert webhook requests) from SignalFx realms. Use these IP addresses as sources on an allow list.

.. _ipaddress-note:

.. note:: New SignalFx IP addresses

>    As part of our ongoing infrastructure expansion, Splunk is adding new IP addresses (marked with an asterisk * in the table referenced below) to SignalFx realms. These IP addresses will become active by November 1st, 2025.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   As part of our ongoing infrastructure expansion, Splunk is adding new IP addresses (marked with :sup:`*` in the table referenced below) to SignalFx realms. These IP addresses will become active by November 1st, 2025.
```
